h1. Wiki Publisher Redmine

h2. DESCRIPTION

Wiki Publisher Redmine is a Redmine plugin that publishes project documentation into wiki pages.

h2. INSTALLATION

This plugin uses some stored settings, so the database will have to be modified in the installation.

For more information on how to install a Redmine plugin, see "Redmine Plugins":http://www.redmine.org/projects/redmine/wiki/Plugins

h2. CONFIGURATIONS

The only configuration needed, is a relative url where documentation is located in the SCM repository.
This url is defined in "Wiki Publisher" tab at project configuration.

Projects -> My Project -> Settings -> Wiki Publisher

The default value of field named "Design Repository URL" is setted as "trunk/design",
following some conventions where Wiki Publisher Redmine was initially developed. 

h2. DEPENDENCIES

h3. Redmine SCMacros

Wiki Publisher Redmine uses wiki macros that are not recognized by Redmine by default.
The repo_include macro used is from another plugin, "Redmine SCMacros":https://github.com/gpr/redmine_scmacros
This macro includes a file from repository (svn, git, etc) in the project wiki.

Example:
<pre>
{{repo_include(design/gpr/index.textile)}}
</pre>

h2. USAGE

Assuming that the project repository and Wiki Publisher Redmine url are properly configured (check the configuration section above),
click on the link “Import From Repository” in the wiki edit page.

The plugin will try to find all wiki files (default is *.textile) in the given “Design Repository URL”.
After that, it will automatically create a wiki page for each wiki file found. 


h2. COMPATIBILITY

This plugin was developed using Redmine 1.3.2 and was not tested with another version.
For while, the only SCM supported is Subversion SVN.

h2. TODO

It must be extended to support others SCM like Git, Mercurial, Bazaar, etc.

h2. REFERENCES

The solution to create a project settings tab, was found in "Redmine DMSF Plugin":https://github.com/danmunn/redmine_dmsf
The Redmine Wiki Publisher uses an adapted class ProjectTabsExtended from redmine_dmsf.
